h1. Sweatshop

A Rails plugin that generates "factory_girl":http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl/tree/master Factories for all of your ActiveRecord models.

h2. Requirements

You should probably have the "factory_girl":http://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_girl/tree/master gem installed

h2. How to Install & Use

# Install the factory_girl gem
<pre><code>
gem install factory_girl
</code></pre>

# Install the plugin
<pre><code>
./script/plugin install git://github.com/mileszs/sweatshop.git
</code></pre>

# Run the following rake task to generate your Factories
<pre><code>
rake sweatshop:generate
</code></pre>

# Make sure you put the two following lines into test/test_helper or spec/spec_helper.rb, as the task advises:
<pre><code>
  require 'factory_girl'
  require File.expand_path(File.dirname(__FILE__)) + '/factories'
</code></pre>

# Your Factories will now be automatically included whenever you run your tests/specs.

That’s it!


h2. Notes

In this fork of sweatshop (mileszs), all factories are placed in test/factories.rb (or spec/factories.rb).  Having separate files per model is too much like fixtures for my tastes -- I want to see all of my factories in one file.  If you would prefer separate files, as of now (1-16-09) the original sweatshop retains the multiple-files method: "mdarby-sweatshop":http://github.com/mdarby/sweatshop .


h2. About the Author

My name is Matt Darby. I’m a 29 year old professional Web Developer and IT Manager. I am the IT Manager and Lead Web Developer at Dynamix Engineering and recently earned a Master’s Degree in Computer Science from Franklin University in Columbus, OH.

Feel free to check out my "blog":http://blgo.matt-darby.com or to "recommend me":http://workingwithrails.com
